Software for experimenting the effects of Curriculum Learning on some simple domains and problems.

The whole project is based on the reinforceement learning library burlap (http://burlap.cs.brown.edu/).

# Set Up

## With IDE (Eclipse)
The following instructions show how to set up the Curriculum Learning Library (CLL) within the IDE Eclipse. You will need to use Maven for doing so and this might not be included in your IDE by default. If this is not the case, start reading from point number 1).

0. Install Maven: 
    * Go to Help->Install New Software
    * In section "Work with" select "--All Available sites--"
    * Type in the text box "m2e" and then select "m2e - Maven Integration for Eclipse"
    * Finish installlation
1. Create a new maven project:
    * Go to: File->New->Other
    * Open th Maven folder and select Maven Project
    * Finish project creation (no specific options need to be selected for this project)
2. Copy the Curriculum Learning Library files into the project:
    * Download this project on your computer
    * Copy all the files into the newly created project (ProjectName/src/main/java)
    * You will see now all the Curriculum Learning Library files into the Package Explorer in your IDE (they will all show errors but that is normal as we still miss one step)
3. Edit Dependencies:
    * Open the pom.xml file in your maven project (avoid using the pom.xml file in this repository and start with the one automatically generated by your IDE)
    * Add a new dependency (Group Id = edu.brown.cs.burlap; Artifact Id = burlap; Version = 3.0.0)
    * Refresh your project

Your project now should not show any burlap-related error anymore.

** NOTE **: Some errors might still be present in the CLL as this project is not completed yet. Avoid using files with errors and ignore IDE messages about their existence. Limit the use of this code to Transfer Learning and Curriculum Learning experiments in the GridWorld domain.

## Create and use jar files for the project
This project can also be directly run from command line by creating the jar files. This is desirable if you need to run this project remotely or call its functions from outside this project. You need Java 8 in order to successfully run these instructions. As for the previous section, start following these instructions from point numer 1) in case you already have installed maven on your computer.

0. Install Maven: type in your terminal the following command `sudo apt-get install maven`

1. Initialize your project: navigate to the folder where you want to create your project and type:
```
mvn archetype:generate -DgroupId=CurriculumLearning -DartifactId=CurriculumLearning -DarchetypeArtifactId:maven-archetype-quickstart -DinteractiveMode=false
```
where the first two arguments can be set as desired by the user

2. Edit pom.xml file: substitute the pom.xml file automatically generated by the previous step (you can find it in CurriculumLearning/pom.xml) with the one already completed in this repository

3. Edit source files: copy this repository (apart from the pom.xml file) into CurriculumLearning/src/main/java/CurriculumLearning/

4. Compile: in your project root folder (CurriculumLearning/) run `mvn package`

5. Run: you can now run/call functions from this project by using the following command:
```
java -cp target/CurriculumLearning-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT-jar-with-dependencies.jar GridWorld.GridWorldTransferLearning
```
Notice how the last argument follows the pattern folder.file where "folder" is one of the folders in CurriculumLearning/src/main/java/CurriculumLearning/ and "file" one of the java files inside it. This particular command runs the main() finction in GridWorldTransferLearning.
